fix(eslint-plugin): ignore `css` function when checking for object style (#2246)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/long-ladybugs-pull.md

---
'@emotion/eslint-plugin': patch
---

> Adjusts `syntax-preference` eslint rule to support "ignoring" usage of the `css` function when checking the `css` prop for object syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved `syntax-preference` rule to support `css` function and check style types for arguments of `css` & styled calls.
```
